[Doc] Add a section on CI to the GitHub documentation (#85376)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/Contributing.rst

-----------------------------------------

Once a patch is reviewed, you can select the "Squash and merge" button in the
GitHub web interface.

When pushing directly from the command-line to the `main`` branch, you will need

> to rebase your change. LLVM currently has a linear-history policy, which means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to rebase your change. LLVM has a linear-history policy, which means
```

that merge commits are not allowed and the `main` branch is configured to reject
pushes that include merges.

> GitHub will display a message that looks like:

Reviewer: Add an empty line above here? (Not sure about how rst interprets this.)

.. code-block:: console

  remote: Bypassed rule violations for refs/heads/main:
  remote:
  remote: - Required status check “buildkite/github-pull-requests” is expected.

This can seem scary, but you likely did nothing wrong: it is intended as a warning

> for people merging pull-request with failing CI. We can't disable it for people

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for people merging pull-requests with failing CI. We can't disable it for people
```

-----------------------------------------

Once a patch is reviewed, you can select the "Squash and merge" button in the
GitHub web interface.

> When pushing directly from the command-line to the `main`` branch, you will need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pushing directly from the command-line to the ``main`` branch, you will need
```

to rebase your change. LLVM has a linear-history policy, which means

> that merge commits are not allowed and the `main` branch is configured to reject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that merge commits are not allowed and the ``main`` branch is configured to reject
```

pushes that include merges.

> GitHub will display a message that looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub will display a message that looks like this:
```

.. code-block:: console

  remote: Bypassed rule violations for refs/heads/main:
  remote:
  remote: - Required status check “buildkite/github-pull-requests” is expected.

> This can seem scary, but you likely did nothing wrong: it is intended as a warning

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can seem scary, but it's not related to your changes: it is intended as a warning
```

Author: I'm not sure we can say "it's not related to your changes"? It is related in the sense that the change is triggering the warning and the warning applies to the change. It's just that we would disable this warning if we could!

Author: What about:

> This can seem scary, but this is just an artifact of the GitHub setup: it is intended as a warning [...]

Reviewer 2: What I meant is that "the warning itself" is unrelated to the changes, regardless of how it's triggered it doesn't investigate the nature or content of the commits, so it's always unrelated to the changes, only to the push action.

> This can seem scary, but this is just an artifact of the GitHub setup: it is intended as a warning [...]

This is fine too.
